Add doc to guide how to enable blue-green deployment with istio (#1535)
pipe-cd/pipe: docs/content/en/docs/user-guide/examples/k8s-app-bluegreen-with-istio.md

- Ensure having at least one Istio's `DestinationRule` and defining the needed subsets (`primary` and `canary`) with `pipecd.dev/variant` label

``` yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1beta1
kind: DestinationRule
metadata:
  name: mesh-istio-bluegreen
spec:
  host: mesh-istio-bluegreen
  subsets:
  - name: primary
    labels:
      pipecd.dev/variant: primary
  - name: canary
    labels:
      pipecd.dev/variant: canary
  trafficPolicy:
    tls:
      mode: ISTIO_MUTUAL
```

- Ensure having at least one Istio's `VirtualService` manifest and all traffic is routed to the `primary`

``` yaml
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1beta1
kind: VirtualService
metadata:
  name: mesh-istio-bluegreen
spec:
  hosts:
    - mesh-istio-bluegreen.pipecd.dev
  gateways:
    - mesh-istio-bluegreen
  http:
    - route:
      - destination:
          host: mesh-istio-bluegreen
          subset: primary
        weight: 100
```

## Enabling blue-green strategy

> - Add the following `.pipe.yaml` file into the application directory in Git.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Add the following `.pipe.yaml` file into the application directory in the Git repository.
```

![](/images/example-bluegreen-kubernetes-istio.png)
<p style="text-align: center;">
Deployment Details Page
</p>

- Now you have an automated blue-green deployment for your application. 🎉

## Understanding what happened

In this example, you configured the deployment configuration file (`.pipe.yaml`) to switch all traffic from an old to a new version of the application using Istio's weighted routing feature.

- Stage 1: `K8S_CANARY_ROLLOUT` ensures that the workloads of canary variant (new version) should be deployed. But at this time, they still handle nothing, all traffic is handled by workloads of primary variant.
The number of workloads (e.g. pod) for canary variant is configured to be 100% of the replicas number of primary varant.

![](/images/example-bluegreen-kubernetes-istio-stage-1.png)

- Stage 2: `K8S_TRAFFIC_ROUTING` ensures that all traffic should be routed to canary variant. Because the `trafficRouting` is configured to use Istio, PipeCD will find Istio's VirtualService resource of this application to control the traffic percentage.

> (You can add a ANALYSIS stage after this to validate the new version. When any nagative impacts are detected, an auto-rollback stage will be executed to switch all traffic back to the primary variant.)

Reviewer: For those who're interested in the ANAYSIS stage, it could be helpful.
```suggestion
(You can add an [ANALYSIS](/docs/user-guide/automated-deployment-analysis/) stage after this to validate the new version. When any negative impacts are detected, an auto-rollback stage will be executed to switch all traffic back to the primary variant.)
```
